apps/web/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

✨ Add x402 payment playground with unified hooks pattern (#16)
* ✨ Add @tanstack/react-query integration and refactor products page

* 🔥 Remove @tanstack/react-query integration and related files

* ✨ Add Hono framework and merchant API routes

* ✨ Add environment variables section and refactor API routes

* ✨ Integrate @tanstack/react-query and refactor products page

* ✨ Update @tanstack/react-query to version 5.90.12

* ♻️ Refactor getStrictContext import paths

* ♻️ Refactor product API to use ID instead of SKU

* ♻️ Refactor product category query for partial matches

* ✨ Add category field to product model and UI

* ✨ Introduce constants and formatting utilities

* ✨ Add Zod for product attributes validation

* ✨ Add Playground page for product purchasing

* ♻️ Refactor useBuyProduct hook for improved error handling

* ♻️ Refactor API call in useBuyProduct hook

apps/web/README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file in the `apps/web` directory with the following variables:

```bash
# Database
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:password@localhost:5432/db"

# Merchant API
MERCHANT_API_URL="http://localhost:3001"

# Facilitator API
FACILITATOR_URL="http://localhost:8403"

# X402 Configuration
X402_PAY_TO="0x..."
X402_ASSET="0x..."
X402_MAX_AMOUNT_REQUIRED="1000000000000000000"
X402_NETWORK="localhost"
X402_MAX_TIMEOUT_SECONDS="3600"
X402_DESCRIPTION="Access to protected resource"
```

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
